added info about OS settings for high scalability (#2776)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/operation-and-maintenance/Cluster-management-considerations.md

    * Presences
    * HTTP notifications (with queuing systems such as RabbitMQ or Kafka)
* latency of messaging, both real-time and archived messages

#### OS configuration

> To achieve high scalability you have to adjust configuration of your operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve high scalability you have to adjust your operating system's configuration.
```
or
```suggestion
To achieve high scalability you have to adjust the configuration of your operating system.
```

First, set some network related parameters - this is what we use for load testing:

> Parameter | Value
> ----|----
> net.ipv4.ip_local_port_range | 1024 65535
> net.ipv4.tcp_mem | 16777216 16777216 16777216
> net.ipv4.tcp_wmem | 4096 87380 16777216
> net.ipv4.tcp_rmem | 4096 87380 16777216

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Parameter                    | Value
-----------------------------|----
net.ipv4.ip_local_port_range | 1024 65535
net.ipv4.tcp_mem             | 16777216 16777216 16777216
net.ipv4.tcp_wmem            | 4096 87380 16777216
net.ipv4.tcp_rmem            | 4096 87380 16777216
```

> Then, you have to increase the number of open files allowed for the user running your mongooseim server process.

Reviewer: To be technically pedantic, I'd rather call it file descriptors 🤔 
```suggestion
Then, you have to increase the number of file descriptors allowed for the user running your MongooseIM server process.
```

> In Linux, this is most commonly done in `/etc/security/limits.conf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Linux, this is most commonly done in `/etc/security/limits.conf`.
```
or
```suggestion
In Linux, this is most commonly done in the `/etc/security/limits.conf` configuration file.
```

> You should remember, though, that there is a limit to it - you can't increase it above an upper bound which is set by a kernel param `fs.file-max`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should remember, though, that there is a limit to it — you can't increase it above an upper bound which is set by the `fs.file-max` kernel parameter.
```
(definitely the hyphen should be an em-dash here, GH on console fonts doesn't show the difference between the three - – —, but readthedocs will)

Or rewording things, but this is very opinionated:
```suggestion
Notice though that this has an upper limit configured elsewhere: you can't increase it above the `fs.file-max` kernel parameter. 
```

> But, there is a limit to a possible increase in `fs.file-max` as well - you can't increase it beyond 1048576, which is 2^20 and is set by another kernel param, `fs.nr_open`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And there is a limit to a possible increase in `fs.file-max` as well — you can't increase it beyond 1048576, which is 2^20 and is set by another kernel parameter, `fs.nr_open`.
```
